so I'm secret and I used the oops
counter at Home Depot get all these
paints for like 50 cents each and that's
how I'm gonna cover that whole thing and
it's not going to cost me $3,000 in
paint the oops counter is where I guess
people they don't like they're their
sample colors or something so they
decide to say I don't want it here it is
back on home money back to the may
resell it for what was $10 is not $0.50
my name is Michael jealous I'm an artist
I'm a musician I'm an actor I create in
any way shape form or fashion the way I
make my living and the way I find the
most joy is painting abstract portraits
anything that I think would look cool so
when I was seven I got a art set for
Christmas and I remember trying to paint
a Bob Ross painting of landscape I can't
remember singing I hate this I don't
want to do exactly what everybody else
was doing because this videos all around
America and this painting is gonna be
the same thing so I remember like just
messing it up on purpose and like this
is mine now I've been diagnosed with all
the letters a DD a THD alexia dysgraphia
synesthesia which makes a lot of sense
with all the paintings because what it
is is you see color or for me at least
it's more I feel color when I hear music
and being a musician as well that's like
amplifying so this makes sense a lot of
people but like an E minor chord it's
very Brown very like muddy green you
know a major is is bright blues and like
just vibrant growing up in a strict
private Christian school that's I don't
fly you got a basically there's a box
and if you don't fit into that box
they're gonna take you and compact you
into it or at least try until you do you
know I was definitely a crazy kid
there's just a little tornado I always
used to draw and pen it during class all
of them I make tattooed sleeves of
doodles and ever like at least once a
week I'd be walking down and the head
coach there Michael my office I'm like
dang it and so I'd have to go I'd had to
wash her off first and then I would have
to get like two or three swats because I
was drawing on myself if you're not this
and you don't look like this and your
head doesn't look that and you don't act
like this then we're gonna give you a
pill to subdue you until you do and I
get a lot of people actually do need
medication and even in me I decided not
to my parents are
I'm not medicating me for a TD or
dyslexia it's definitely hard learning
getting through grade school we used to
go celebrate if I got a 70 I'm not
getting my parents were very adamant on
letting me be me letting me express
myself maybe the person that God created
beauty but once you get out of hole like
answering questions to determine if
you're good or not in life that's that's
disgusting you're good you just got to
figure out what you're good at
I found my strength when I got out of
high school find your own way you find
your strengths and you you take that and
you accentuate it so this is gonna be a
whole nother painting I get I get bored
a lot of my paintings half if not most
of my paintings have paintings under
them that I paint over I get bored with
them so this one I'm going to do the
biggest one I've done yet so this is a
creative spaces exclusive of the swirl
painting I'm kind of becoming known for
I came up with it on accident about a
year and a half ago I got mad and threw
paint at a canvas and then I watched a
drip I was like way well let's see
what's going on here so I add a little
bit more paint and then it drips that
and I like started like hold on so then
like I started playing with it and then
kind of got this style that I found and
it just kind of became my thing
you kind of just flirt with the canvas
guy so you're been on a date where
you're like well maybe I should say this
no maybe I should say this no okay I'm
gonna say this on three one two three
and then you blurted it out and then you
react to however she reacted this is
yeah you just go one just like employed
it you hope it works this is gonna be a
lot of a lot of fun
I grew up door-knocking for my dad's
roofing company so so he taught me was
look there's a yes out there so if you
knock on hundred doors and let's say
number 59 door number 59 is a yes and
you know that but you know they have to
go through one through 58 of getting
nose you'll have no problem getting to
that 59 you're met great thanks great
thanks great thing and then you're gonna
get to that yes it's the same thing
alive we just don't know where a door 59
is you have to go through through all
these nodes to get to that yes so many
galleries first denied me so we're not
interested in like a style and then all
that's just a build-up to the ones that
say yes if you are stuck for lack of
better words or you're afraid to kind of
make that jump to whatever you're
passionate about but you're kind of just
you're hesitant on that my only advice
is to just do it
now that the hard work is over and the
messy work I let it dry for about two to
three days now this is where all the
experimenting for a year and a half came
in because if it drives an hour longer
than it should it cracks like that if I
don't let it dry all the way and I try
to epoxy it it would just become a big
thing of mud so this is about like it
may be a two hour window I have that is
a three days thought to keep coming back
and checking it that I have to actually
set epoxy you know the epoxy is what
gives it that really glossy glass look
the only way to say it is it makes it
look HD like H just really HD if someone
want to say it it's it's really really
cool one two epoxy it but you have to
let the epoxy dry for another eight
hours and then you sign it and then
you're done and then you sell it very
very involved with this critical best
buddy and it's founded by Anthony
Shriver and it's about intellectually
challenged adults who really can't find
a place in society so since then Buddy
University and find out what they're
good at integrates them into the job
program that we have that gives them
something to be proud of you know
they're not just you know sitting in a
constant all day first year I donated
ten pieces 10 portraits and then that
ended up raising in the first year
thirty two thousand and then the second
year I did it that raised seventy two
thousand and that that alone is worth
every second of the years and years of
nose I heard is this humbling you know
what I mean something but these hands
can do can alter people's lives that
I'll never meet
hey guys thank you so much for watching
that episode of creative spaces TV
Michael is one of the most creative
talented people I know make sure to
check out his Instagram michael jealous
creations let me know if you like this
video and make sure to hit that
subscribe button down below thank you
again so much for watching these
episodes I have a couple more super
excited to share the rest and make sure
to check out all my links down below in
the description as well as Michael's
jealous I hope you guys have a beautiful
rest of your day and I will see you in
the next video